
<title>
introduction
</title>
[02:37 o'clock]
[a street behind a local pub: somewhere in Brooklyn]
?
*Stumbling and swaying from side to side and monologuing loudly*
"Can't believe they'd just-- just fire me like that, those cold-heated rats!"
*Hic*
"They have no... no sympathy! --for a man whose wife just divorced him; I mean-- who in my shoes wouldn't have a drink, or two... to-- to get through the damn working day?! And only for a few days, not even an entire year!"
<choice>
SOUTH,EAST
Go SOUTH towards the grocery store,Go EAST towards your apartment building

You reach the end of the block. You can:
</choice>
<0>
Drunk Divorcee: 
"Maybe I should get some snacks. This'll be a long night. Which way is it again? Right is the hand I write with... left is... the way I left from-? Yes, turn left.."
</0>
<1>
Drunk Divorcee: 
"My cold, dark home... Is this even my home? These damn buildings all look the same! Same cold dark stone, and I thought it only-- only gets cold in the north? With them polar bears, and ice caps! But if you look at— at the map of the world... I live in the West"
</1>
<choice>
SOUTH,EAST,WEST
Go SOUTH towards the grocery store,Go EAST towards your apartment building,Go WEST towards the cinema

You reach the end of the block. You can:
</choice>
<0>
Drunk Divorcee: 
"Maybe I should get some snacks. This'll be a long night. Which way is it again? Right is the hand I write with... left is... the way I left from-? Yes, turn left.."
</0>
<1>
Drunk Divorcee: 
"My cold, dark home... Is this even my home? These damn buildings all look the same! Same cold dark stone, and I thought it only-- only gets cold in the north? With them polar bears, and ice caps! But if you look at— at the map of the world... I live in the West"
</1>
<2>
You go WEST towards the cinema
</2>
<go back>
2,26
</go back>
Drunk Divorcee: 
"Well a damn boring job it was, anyway! In college I wanted to be, like, whatshisname? Sherlock! Well, Sherlock Holmes my ass! Half my day I return wallets, the other third is false sec-- security alarms... a fifth gets bloody, but.. what a letdown! No hidden codes, or like... locked room murders-! When a case is solved, there is NO satisfaction – none at all!"
Beyond the cinema is a maze of empty streets. There is nothing to do there. You can:
•	GO LEFT to cross to the other side of the street
o	A car zooms past you as you turn to face the road, and makes your head swim. Maybe 
you should attempt this some other day
•	GO RIGHT to get a taxi home
o	The narrow pavement is obstructed by a turned over trash can. You haven’t done 
parkour since high school. You're not warmed up enough for this
You go FORWARDS into the maze of silent streets.

Drunk Detective
“And damn Kristen was telling me-- ‘MiKe, yOu sHoUlD cHaNgE jObS, yOuR sAlArY cAn’T sUpPoRt uS’.. 
Well ‘us’ my butt! All she ever did was shopping! All day-- every day-- all I hear is “hOnEy, I'M gOinG oUt!”. 
We can’t even pay for Libby’s preshcool! And she wants cus-- custody of her! She’ll be homeless within a 
month, and she wants to drag our daughter into it?? Damn brainless pig..!”
You sob angrily for a few blocks. You hear voices coming from nearby. At first they are hushed, but then 
they begin to escalate. What should you do?
•	INVESTIGATE
o	The sudden disturbance to your miserable late night stroll makes you angry. You want to 
yell at whoever is making the noise
•	GO BACK
o	You turn around to the way you came from. You turn too far and too fast and end up 
facing the direction of the noise again
You walk towards the dead end where the voices are coming from. The people at the dead end become 
agitated. There are probably three of them.

???
“It’s a cop!”
“shit, shoot!”

The loud noise and sudden movement confuse you. You sway from side to side as you approach them, 
you have no idea what you want to do next.
You hear a gun being fired, and a crash somewhere behind you. You are still in your uniform, so you take 
out your gun in response.

Detective Mike
“alright then! The game is on!”
You shoot at the people in front of you, but you unsurprisingly miss. You yell some more.
“Haha! Now that they’ve fired me, there’s nothing to– to stop me shooting everything I see!”
This feels liberating. You have a lot of bottled up emotions.

???
“Capo, he’s drunk! What do we do?”

You hear police sirens. You find it cute that they missed you, and it hasn’t even been one day yet.
One of the men took off running. You should too – you don’t miss your buddies at all.

???
“We gotta bail!”
“But what about him? He’ll rat us out!”
“We’ll take him to boss, he’ll give him the right treatment. Hurry!”

You feel something hit your head. Or maybe it was your neck. As your body collapses, your senses cut out. 
It's nice to feel nothing for once.

The mafia base
[10:40 o’clock]
[A dim room with concrete walls and floor]

Your consciousness returns. Your neck is cramping, and you can’t feel your limbs. You realize you are 
sitting up tied to a chair. You lift your head and your neck protests. A heavy man is sitting in an armchair 
in front of you. A tall buff man is standing next to the door. The room has no windows, and the dim 
electric lights are giving you a headache. Or maybe it’s the smells of stale air, mold, and your body that all 
mix together in your nostrils. Yikes.

Man in armchair
“The sedatives finally wore off – you made me wait. I expect that you don’t waste any more of my time” 

You think the irony is funny. The man stands up and walks up to you. He towers over you, and you don’t 
dare talk back.

Man in front of you
“Ex-detective Michael Grisham. 32 years old. You were recently divorced and have a 5 year old daughter. 
You tend to drink when you are stressed, and got wasted last night following your firing. You got mixed in 
with our men, so we captured you and ran background checks on you.”

The man’s condescending voice sounded ridiculous to you. You haven’t had anyone talk to you like this 
since sixth grade. You wonder who he even is. He looks somewhat familiar. You blink in confusion while 
the sedatives are still wearing off.

Man in front of you
“I am Mariano Giovanni, the boss of the Giovanni mafia family. I bet you feel lucky to see me, eh, with 
that huge bounty on my head? Well it’s a shame you’ll never get it! We’d normally kill anyone who 
disrupts our business, but recently I have found myself in need of a detective. One that wouldn’t give 
away any of our mafia secrets once I let him run free, you know? And what a wonderful coincidence! Why 
would I bother spending a day bribing cops when I just had a corrupt detective fall into my hands?”

Your head is clearing up. You can’t believe your luck. You DO remember the reward for catching this sly 
mafia boss. And you DO need any money you can get. Now what was he saying about capturing you 
again-?

Mariano Giovanni
“Now let’s have us a little deal. You see, it seems we got a little rat chewing up our floors. Someone in our 
family is a dirty little traitor, and he really wants to screw us all over with his dirty little plans. And we 
have a big business deal approaching. One that will liven up our sad little lives a great deal! My consigliere 
promised we will be drowning in money, and he has never made a wrong prediction. The traitor knows 
this, and he wants to expose us and our genius little plans. Now wouldn’t that be tragic?”

Giovanni’s sing-song voice was filled with malice and impatience. But you will never sympathize with him. 
Serves him right!

Mariano Giovanni
“...So I say, you help us weed out the traitor, and I let you go, in exchange for your silence about us. 
Should you refuse, I’ve already come up with perfect torture methods for you and your dear little 
princess.  What do you think?”

Cooperation with the Giovanni mafia family?! What a crazy turn of events! You know by Giovanni’s tone 
of voice that he is sure he has won. But will you really let him have his way?
•	DECLINE the deal
o	(Loop)
o	Detective Mike: “I would never agree to help a mafioso! If your organization is destroyed, 
then it serves you right and I applaud that traitor! Have you forgotten, I’m a police officer? 
I serve the law!”
o	The tall buff man at the door comes up to you. He swings his fist back and hits you in the 
stomach. The pain almost takes you back to unconsciousness. You lose 1 HP. You have x 
HP left
o	(if hp != 0: menu “do you accept the deal” again. If hp == 0: game over screen. Start the 
game at the mafia base again)
•	ACCEPT the deal
o	Detective Mike: “I don’t care what you do to me, but I won’t let you hurt Libby! If you 
promise not to hurt her, I will fulfil your evil request, damn rat”
o	(Game progresses; your hp is fully restored)

Companion and instructions
[11:03]
[Mafia base]

Mariano Giovanni
“Very well, now you shall be untied. I will assign you a supervisor to keep an eye on you, so don’t try 
anything funny.”

The tall buff man unties you from the chair. Blood flow is being restored in your limbs. You cautiously get 
up and stretch. You would kill for a glass of water.
The tall buff man leaves through the door, and an a few seconds comes in with a young man of a 
presumably low rank.

Mariano Giovanni
 “This is your supervisor. You should call him Alleato. His task is to follow you and prevent your escape or 
attempts to contact the police”

You think that, if needed, you can easily snap the boy’s spine in half. How exactly does he intend to 
control you? 

But for some reason a voice deep inside you exclaims, “you say that to make yourself feel better; loser”.


Mariano Giovanni
“I have 4 suspects that I believe could be the traitor. First is my underboss, Manuele Bonanno. Second is 
our associate, Roberto Orazio. Third is the soldier Figlio Inco. Fourth is the consigliere Angelo Rosolino. 
Alleato is already informed of this and will make sure you interview them all. Come back to me by 
tomorrow’s dawn and tell me your conclusion. Now off you go, we don’t have all day!”

Alleato leads you out of the room. You are walking through a twisty corridor, and you are feeling awkward. 
You try to start a conversation.

Detective Mike
“So where would a good starting point be for this investigation?”

Alleato looks at you in confusion. Perhaps he expects you to already know how to do everything, either 
because you’re a detective, or an adult. His thoughts are wrong either way. You don’t know shit and your 
head is killing you

Alleato
“The bar is worth checking out first. It's run by one of our associates and that's where our lot tends to 
hang. It's right beside our base”

This is great-- you might kill 4 birds with one stone, and you’ll get a drink while you’re at it!

•	Type LEAVE to leave the mafia base and go to the bar

Bar – Figlio and Angelo Rosolino
[11:15]
[The bar]

You arrive at the bar. It is surprisingly empty, apart from a few people. Perhaps it is too early for drinking 
right now.

Alleato
“oh, the consigliere and the soldier that you’re looking for are here”

That’s all great, but you’d rather have some water first. You realize you don’t have any money with you, 
or your gun. That Giovanni must have taken them as insurance that you will come back to him. Guess 
you’ll have to get your glass of water another way.

Detective Mike
“Hey Alleato, is it alright if I go to the bathroom first? I’m not feeling that great being tied up and sedated 
after a crazy night at the pub”

Alleato
“Alright, but if you take too long I will break down the door. I bet you cops know of clever escapes”

You enter the toilet. With your headache, you barely notice the smell. You open the tap and greedily 
drink from it. You slide down to the floor to catch your breath. The ringing in your ears is fading. You can 
think somewhat clearly for once.

You get up and look in the mirror. Staring at your miserable reflection won’t cheer you up much, but it’s 
just too tempting. One must always know how much of a mess he is after a rough night.

You notice a sticky note in the corner of the mirror. 
It says:
“ -> Banana
WAR       U
         3:40 5/3”
… in blue ink. In the bottom right corner of the note, there is a tick in black ink and a tick beside it in blue 
ink

You find it curious. You exit the bathroom and approach Alleato Maybe this is some mafia custom that 
you are not aware of.

Detective Mike
“Hey Alleato, there’s a sticky note with cryptic text on the bathroom mirror. It’s curious, maybe you can 
tell me something about that?”

Alleato
“That is one of the ways members of the mafia and our associates establish meetings with each other. 
They write a message using their own code and then tick to confirm that the recipient got it. Not a very 
reliable way – many prefer just asking the bartender to pass on any messages. Though it is more 
anonymous...”

Alleato
“You’re a detective, aren’t you? You're not gonna stick it into your little notebook? What a weird lot you 
cops are..! I thought you guys always collected random scraps you pick up on the streets”

You pretend to not be offended and decide that perhaps it might come in useful. You take down the note 
from the mirror. You take out your notebook and your pen 

(menu to access notebook appears)
•	Type NOTE to check your notebook

(the notebook now contains this clue along with its context: “found this note on the bathroom mirror: -> 
Banana WAR U 3:40 5/3”)

Alleato
“Now that you’ve done your emotional support ritual, how about you interview Figlio Inco? You and him 
seem to have the same amount of braincells, I'm sure you’ll connect just fine!”

Alleato gestured at the man in his 20s sitting on the far right of the bar counter. You approached him

Figlio Inco
“Why the heck is there a cop here? Did you bring him here, kid?!”

Alleato
“it’s boss’s orders, Figlio. You have to hear him out” 
 
 Figlio Inco
“Fine then, what did you want from me, huh?”

You wonder how you should approach this.

•	I came to make a DEAL
o	Detective Mike: “Hey, uh, wanna make a deal? I can help you achieve even your most 
ambitious plans”
o	Figlio Inco is eyeing you suspiciously
o	Figlio Inco: “And how would you do that exactly? You're spitting a lotta big words at me, 
like you’ve never made a deal in your life! And why would the boss send you for that? I 
don’t need any help with business!”
•	I came to INVESTIGATE
o	Perhaps if you knew why he joined this family, you would know his motives to stay, and 
whether they are weak enough to betray it 
o	Detective Mike: “I’m just conducting a wellbeing survey. Maybe you could tell me why 
you joined this mafia family, for starters?”
o	The man looks at you weirdly, and you feel like that was the worst question you could 
ever ask him. You don’t know why, and that puzzles you
o	Figlio Inco: “Boss’s orders you say? Well kid, you were fooled big time. Miss me with that 
shit!”
•	I’m looking for someone ELSE
o	Why would a guy with the rank of a soldier plot to expose the mafia? It would be a better 
use of your time to talk to the other suspects first
o	Detective Mike: “Uh, do you happen to know the whereabouts of...”
o	You check the smudged writing on the back of your hand. You regret not taking an Italian 
class in college. You know you’ve mispronounced these names even before you say them
o	Detective Mike: “...Manuele Bonanno, or... uh, Roberto Orazio?”
o	Figlio Inco: “Why are you asking me about that jerk, huh?! I'm not telling you shit!”
Figlio Inco leaves the bar in hurry. Your investigation is already going nowhere. Perhaps your social skills 
are too low to be tricking mafia members -- you should probably take a course on that before you 
approach this task...

New clues were added to your notebook
(notebook clue added - “Figlio Inco’s a short-tempered guy for sure. The questioning made him mad for 
some reason”. The notebook can be viewed after the next interaction)

Alleato
“Don’t mind him, he’s a weird one. We’ll make more progress talking to the consigliere over there”

He gestured to the man in the trench coat on the far left of the bar counter. A consigliere’s gotta be a lot 
more reasonable, you figure. Maybe you’ll have better luck with him.
The consigliere sat with his head on the counter and an empty glass to his side. Clearly, half past eleven 
am was not too early for him to drink.

Detective Mike:
“You’re Angelo Rosolino, the consigliere, right?”

The man didn’t even look up. 

Angelo Rosolino
“They call me that, yes...”

Detective Mike
(loop – game doesn’t progress until every choice has been selected)
•	A) Detective Mike: “What exactly is a consigliere?”
o	Angelo Rosolino: “I gain respect for pretending to be an emotionless robot and make 
opinions sound like logical statements”
o	Angelo sure is a tired kind of drunk
•	B) Detective Mike: “You don’t sound like you’re enjoying that position very much”
o	Angelo Rosolino: “Of course not! It's hard to remain impartial when you have feelings 
drown your mind! And making decisions for the good of others... Why can no one make 
decisions for me too?”
o	This guy was probably a poet before he joined the mafia...
•	C) Detective Mike: “Why did you take up this position?”
o	Angelo Rosolino: “Oh how I wish that was my choice! Consiglieres get chosen by the 
family, surely you know this! I was so clear-headed when I was younger, now look how 
it’s biting me in the ass...”
o	Yes, getting older sure isn’t fun
Another fruitless interview - you just witnessed a man fall into depression.

New clues were added to your notebook
(new notebook clue: “Just talked to the consigliere, he’s drunk and going on and on about how feelings 
make his work hard. Understandable.")

•	Type NOTE to check your notebook
•	Type LEAVE to exit the bar

Attack
[11:45]
[Outside the bar]

You exit the bar and turn the corner. Alleato is leading you to another location where the other suspects 
could be found. You are taking a shortcut through a narrow passage between two adjacent buildings. You 
are glad you’re not walking out in the hot late-spring sun.

A masked man jumps out from behind a trash can. The sudden motion disorients you, and you fall to the 
ground. That’s lucky because the man had just began swinging his fist at you, and it would have collided 
with your face otherwise.

Alleato made an alarmed noise. There is no way a scrawny guy like him could take out your opponent, 
and you don’t have your weapons. Plus you’re hungover. Your best bet is to run.

Which way do you run?
•	UP towards the enemy
o	You dive forward between his legs. This is not a maneuver he expected. Alleato hits the 
man in panic. The man is thrown against the wall, and the two of you run towards 
through the passage. The attacker comes to his senses and continues to pursue you
•	DOWN towards the bar
o	You take off in the direction you came from. The attacker expects it. He catches you 
almost immediately and you have to fight with all your might to break free
o	You lose 1 HP (HP-=1). You have x HP left

You run until East River blocks your way. Which way do you run?
•	UP towards the Mahattan Bridge
•	On your way you come across a taxi waiting on the side of the road. You press the driver 
to drive you to the end of the bridge and Alleato pays from his wallet. You gain some 
distance between you and your attacker
•	DOWN towards Brooklyn Bridge
•	Running so far has made you exhausted. You trip and the attacker catches up to you. He 
starts beating you. A crowd gathers around you. The sight of a cop getting beat up 
attracts the police. Your attacker backs off. Not wanting to get stopped by the police, you 
run through and away from the crowd. You gain some distance between you and your 
attacker
•	You lose 1 HP (HP-=1). You have x HP left

You reach the end of the bridge and enter Manhattan. The attacker is far behind you for now, so you can 
take some time to breathe. You slow down to a walk. You wonder why you’re even being attacked. Last 
time you checked, your guts weren’t worth a cent...

Perhaps the traitor has found out about your task to weed him out, and is trying to stop your 
investigation. But how would he find out about you...?

Alleato has pulled you into a bus stop. It's great to have someone else to make decisions for you.
You get on a bus (and Alleato paid again), so now you can ride a safe distance away from when you last 
saw the attacker. 
Wait, who is that running towards the bus as it’s driving away? Looks like your adventure is not over yet.

Have you ever tried running after the bus? If so, then you know that you never succeed. Which is why 
there is now an impatient car following your bus. Whoever is chasing you is waiting for you to exit the bus 
at every bus stop.

You ride until Central Park and exit the bus after failing to shake off the pursuer. Next, do you:
•	Run UP towards the Metropolitan Museum Of Art?
o	You hope to hide in the vastness of the museum. The receptionist selling tickets is 
confused about why a police officer who’s seen better days and a kid barely out of high 
school are in such a hurry to view some art on such a calm May afternoon... 
o	You waste too much time trying to buy tickets. You exit the museum impatiently, and are 
jumped by the attacker. He avoids getting into a public fight like before. Your ego is hurt. 
You don’t like thinking that you’re not important enough to be killed on the spot
o	You lose 1 HP (HP-=1). You have x HP left
o	Alleato stays in the museum to smooth over the rising commotion
o	You run down to the Columbus Circle. You come across a bike left unsecured to anything. 
You hop on the bike
•	Run DOWN to the Columbus Circle?
o	You come across a bike left unsecured to anything. You hop on the bike, leaving Alleato 
behind. The attacker is pursuing YOU after all, or at least that’s what your ego is telling 
you

You cycle through Seventh Avenue and past Times Square. You can go:
•	UP to Times Square
o	As you turn your bike around, you bump into a person passing by. You fall and scrape 
your knee.
o	You lose 1 HP (HP-=1). You have x HP left
•	DOWN to the Grand Central Station
o	Cycling around the city almost feels like you’re relaxing on your day off, and don’t have 
the uncertainty of whether you live or die hanging over you, or something.

You reach the Grand Central Station. You could take a train from here back to Brooklyn, but you don’t 
have any money and you left Alleato behind. Guess you’ll have to take a different route. You can go: 
•	LEFT along 42nd street
o	You go left, reach 6th Avenue, and ride down it. No surprises here
•	RIGHT along 42nd street
o	You go right, reach Franklin D. Roosevelt East River Drive, and drive down it
o	You get attacked by a swarm of seagulls
o	You lose 1 HP (HP-=1). You have x HP left
o	You decide that it is best to take a route further away from East River. You turn towards 
broadway

You just passed Chinatown and you’re approaching World Trade Center. Well since you’re here, you 
might as well check out one of there places. You can go:
•	LEFT into the skyscraper maze
o	Cycling around a bunch of skyscrapers has made you realise how hungry and tired you 
are. Should've gone to Chinatown instead...
o	You lose 1 HP (HP-=1). You have x HP left
•	RIGHT towards Chinatown
o	You explore Chinatown. Some stalls offer you little food samples. Yay for free food!

You continue to make your way down Manhattan. You’re almost at Brooklyn bridge! You can finally go 
back to where you came from. You bet that’s what the attacker would say to you, too...

You decide to walk around Battery Park before you come back to your investigation. You find Alleato 
there waiting for you. You wonder if he has some sort of telepathy powers, or just great stalking skills. 
When he approaches you, he tells you that the attacker continues to chase you. Your best bet is to hop 
on a ferry to Liberty Island and hope he doesn’t find you.

There are 2 routes you can take to get to the ferry terminal:
•	LEFT down the left side of the park
o	You run into a very cute doggo. You decide to pet it, but it doesn’t want you to. You get 
bitten on your shin. Ouch.
o	You lose 1 HP (HP-=1). You have x HP left
•	RIGHT down the right side of the park
o	You enjoy the walk through the park

You reach the ferry terminal and need to buy tickets. There are so many options...
•	A) Child ticket
o	You look over to Alleato and choose a child ticket. Alleato nudges you a bit too hard, 
leaving a bruise. Apparently friendly jokes are not welcome in the mafia
o	You lose 1 HP (HP-=1). You have x HP left
•	B) Adult ticket
o	Last time you checked, you were a grown man with a job (until recently), a wife (also until 
recently), and a child (this may not be for long). You get the adult ticket

•	A) 2 tickets
o	Since Alleato has to follow you around, you get 2 tickets
•	B) 1 ticket
o	Maybe you shouldn’t get Alleato a ticket. You enjoyed being away from him for some 
time.
o	You ask for one ticket. Alleato doesn’t let that slide. You feel stupid for even attempting
o	You lose 1 HP (HP-=1). You have x HP left
o	(if HP==0, you start the chase again)

Alleato paid for the tickets, and you hopped on the ferry. You use that time to write about your wild day 
in your notebook.

New clues were added to your notebook
(new clues: “I was chased by a masked man through Manhattan. I believe he was the traitor who wanted 
to stop my investigation”)

•	Type NOTE to check your notebook
•	Type LEAVE to leave the ferry terminal

(back to full HP)

Liberty Island
[15:37]
[Liberty Island]

Alleato
“Looks like he gave up pursuing us, but the next ferry isn’t until half an hour later. There's a café here, on 
the Lombardo territory. Rosolino thinks having business with this family is good for us, so I suppose it’s 
alright if you ask them about our suspects. Not all their guys share Rosolino’s opinion though, most are 
quite hostile to us. Go figure”

You agree to spend some time at the restaurant. You walk in and sit at the window table.
Alleato calls over one of the waitresses, who looks cautiously at you and trots over.

Alleato
“This is Angelina Lombardo. She is the daughter of her family’s boss. This café is often used by members 
of different mafia families to talk over business disagreements. She waits the tables to pick up juicy drama. 
She’s your best bet in the whole of Manhattan right now”

Angelina Lombardo
“And you’re telling that to a cop exactly why-? If you turn us in, I’ll have to kill you on the spot. I won’t 
even care about our families’ agreement” 

Detective Mike 
“I’m investigating mafia members as per Giovanni’s orders. This kid here is sent to keep an eye on me”
Alleato nods in agreement, with the expression that shows that he clearly doesn’t want to be here.
(loop – game doesn’t progress until you’ve chosen all choices)
•	A) Detective Mike: “Do you know anything about Figlio Inco, Roberto Orazio, Manuele Bonanno, 
or Angelo Rosolino?”
o	Angelina Lombardo: “Of course! Angelo’s the Giovanni family’s consigliere! He’s so 
generous to us, and really wants to make the most out of our business connections. Our 
family would be having big losses if it wasn’t for him. That man really knows how to make 
the best decisions. I bet he helped the Giovanni family make a fortune with his brains!”
o	 The is a pause. You wait for her to talk about the other suspects. After a while you poke 
her further. You suppose that being the boss’s daughter, all she really cares about is the 
source of money – the other suspects just aren’t worth their weight in gold for her.
o	Detective Mike: “and what about the other suspects? Do you know anything about them”
o	Angelina Lombardo: “oh, no, they don’t hang around these parts...”
•	B) Detective Mike: “What family agreement did you have?”
o	Angelina Lombardo: “The Vittorio family who govern the Queens borough wanted to take 
some of our Manhattan businesses on Long Island. The Giovanni family saw an alliance as 
an opportunity to settle their own disputes with the Vittorio family. So we are currently 
on good terms with the Giovanni family”
•	C) Detective Mike: “Can I order some coffee?”
o	Angelina Lombardo: “Sure, I’ll bring you some after our conversation!”
o	You find it hard to believe that she’s not just a normal waitress. She seems skilled in social 
interactions – just what you would expect from a woman in her position
o	You shoot a glance over at Alleato. He knows he will have to pay for your coffee. He also 
knows that he must treat you nicely because you are a police officer. You are enjoying 
these feelings of power
You dismiss Angelina and she brings you your drink. You finish it quickly and head out to catch the ferry.

New clues were added to your notebook
(new clues added to the notebook: “Angelina Lombardo is the daughter of the Lombardo family’s boss”;
“the Lombardo and Giovanni families are allied in their dispute against the Vittorio family”; 
“Rosolino was responsible for the recent alliance of the Lombardo and Giovanni families”; 
“Rosolino believes that the Lombardo family is the most beneficial to deal with”)

•	Type NOTE to check your notebook
•	Type LEAVE to leave Liberty Island

Taxi
[17:30]
[Brooklyn]

You have returned to Brooklyn and are standing near the bar where the mafia meet. You had a crazy day 
and can’t wait to collapse on your bed. But the sunset has reminded you that you have until dawn to find 
the traitor; you decide to start investigating the other two suspects straight away. 

Detective Mike
“Which casino does the associate Roberto Orazio run?”

Alleato
“it’s a few miles away, so it’s best to take a taxi. We have associates in the taxi business, which is quite 
handy. Let me go into the bar to make a phone call, the taxi will be here soon.”

You accompany Alleato into the bar. He uses the telephone in the telephone booth in the corner, while 
you look around the bar. The consigliere is still here, drowning in his unhappiness. There are a lot more 
people there than earlier today, and the atmosphere is lively. You wish you could hang out here tonight, 
but you have an investigation to do.

The evening is chilly, so you wait inside for the taxi. You see it pull up to the bar through the bar window, 
and the two of you walk outside.

You get into the taxi and the car drives off. The ride takes 10 minutes. You spent the journey looking out 
the window, deep in thought... Or perhaps you just zoned out. But you like to think you were deep in 
thought.

As the speeding taxi failed to stop right at the casino entrance, it hit the curb. You heard something heavy 
slam on the ground behind the car. You turned around, but the opened boot of the taxi was blocking your 
view. You and Alleato jumped out on the car in alarm.

You run around the vehicle to see what had happened. The bright lights of the casino front and the 
taillights of the taxi clearly showed a man lying on the ground. By the time you, Alleato, and the taxi driver 
have gathered around the scene, the man was scurrying to his feet.

He has the same mask on as the attacker earlier today. In fact, you are sure that he IS the attacker.
You grab him before he succeeds to clumsily make a run for it.

Detective Mike
“Alleato! Take his mask off!”

The man is struggling against your grip, by Alleato pulls the mask off. The man that was hiding in the boot 
of the car is none other than... 

Alleato
“Figlio Inco!”

In your surprise, you loosen your grip. Figlio sees this as a chance to escape, and dives into the traffic at 
the crossroads a few yards away. Alleato makes the move to go after him, but you still stand there in 
confusion. He takes this as a sign to stop the pursuit. You are too embarrassed to tell him that your brain 
is just incredibly slow.

Taxi Driver
“Whatever just happened, the man seems alright. I shall be leaving – it's rush hour and my service is in 
high demand”

The driver opens the door to the driver’s seat. This doesn’t feel right. You must question him!

Detective Mike
“Wait!”
The driver pauses and looks at you
(another loop, you know the drill)
•	1) Detective Mike: “Are you not concerned about this man’s possible injuries?”
o	Taxi Driver: “Well, he seems to feel good enough to be running around. I don’t suppose 
he got hurt badly”
•	2) Detective Mike: “Are you not surprised that the man was in the boot?”
o	Taxi Driver: ”He got in just before you did. I assumed he was with you. You mafia lot do 
weird things all the time!”
•	3) Detective Mike: “Do you know why Figlio his in the boot?”
o	Taxi Driver: “Beats me! Since it looks like you’re on bad terms with each other, I bet he 
was trying to spy on you”

Taxi Driver
“If you are done interrogating me, I have some money to make now. Speaking of, you haven’t paid for 
your trip. You’ll have to pay for the lunatic’s trip as well.”

Alleato paid for the trip. He was not happy. You assume you’ll have to pay back that money once your 
investigation is over. That thought does not spark joy.

The taxi drives off, and you are left standing in front of the casino. With no hope of catching Figlio Inco 
now, you decide to get on with investigating the remaining suspects.

New clues were added to your notebook
(new clue: “Figlio Inco was hiding in the boot of the taxi we took to the casino. He turned out to be the 
attacker that attacked us earlier. He escaped after he was found out”)

•	Type NOTE to check your notebook
•	Type LEAVE to leave the street and go into the casino

The casino
[17:56]
[Casino]

“The Celesta” -- Nice name for a Casino. You slowly make your way up the glimmering white and red 
stairs, understanding that this is most likely the theme for this money grabbing machine. You reach the 
door

•	Type OPEN to open the door

You almost become deaf as the instantaneous onslaught of laughter, crying, music and the “Ding, Ding”, 
of slot machines drill into your eardrums. You almost regret swinging open the doors. Stepping in you are 
ushered by a young waitress doing all the basic formalities you expect from a customer service employee, 
but before she can speak any further, Alleato Interrupts.

Alleato
“Da Vinci, Michelangelo, Cesare, Giotto, Masaccio”.

All it takes are five words to turn the jolly vibrant waitress, into a petrified statue. 
(　〇□ 〇)
She takes a huge Gulp and squeaks out:
 
Waitress
“Sure sir, please follow me”.

As you follow the waitress you see Alleato on full alert, ears perked and head straight; exactly like a 
gazelle when it senses danger.

Detective Mike
“Why so worried?”

Alleato
“It makes no sense, I see a couple of bastards from the Vittorio family. No one visits rival family 
businesses, it’s a death wish”

You quickly make a note of that
New clues have been added to you notebook
(New clue: “Rival gang members in the casino, they shouldn’t be there unless invited”)

The waitress leads you to the back of the bar and continues to several corridors until you reach a door 
guarded by a monstrosity of a man. You look at him from tip to toe and realize that he must be at least 
detective mike x4. He smiles a smile of recognition to Alleato and lets him in.  You take that as a sign of 
entry, but before you can set your foot in a hand strong as concreate smacks you in your face. You hold 
you right cheeck because it hurts so much.

Bouncer
“Password”

Detective Mike
“Wait what?”

Bouncer
“PASSWORD”

This time the bouncer said it in a much tougher voice.
You stand there bamboozled, thinking, “password? What password? Is he talking about the stuff Alleato 
said to the waitress in the beginning?”
Before you can finish your train of thought, Alleato rushes out and shouts:

Alleato
“This stronzo is with me, let him in!”

Bouncer
 
“You know the rules and so do I. No exception” 

Alleato looks at you with distraught.

Alleato
“You heard me say them a few minutes ago, don’t be stupid enough to forget them, remember you only 
have once chance, or you can... say goodbye”
 
(Obviously we cannot insert the pictures, but the words need to be the same and if we can for an easter 
egg we can add just a snippet of the rickroll music, just a little bit)

(after the player presses enter, the 5 keywords that were on the screen previously need to be replaced 
with “** **n**, *********e**, ***a**, **o***, *******o” in that order, so if the player scrolls up, he 
won't be able to cheat)

You need to remember the words, or you will be kicked out, but you don’t remember them specially 
because they are Italian  -- you whine to yourself.

•	Type in the letters of the words in the password phrase in the correct order (e.g. ABCDE) 
•	A) Ceaser                                                        B) Cesare                                                D) Gotto
•	E) Michagelo                                                  F) Maschio                                             G) Da Vinci
•	H) Masaccio                                                    I) Giotto                                                  J) Michelangelo
•	(the options have spelling mistakes on purpose, do not change them, even if word wants to do 
so)(I assume this is a loop where the game won’t advance to the next scene until you’ve chosen 
the right option? Because if you fail and don’t question the suspect, you’re likely to make the 
wrong choice)
o	(Wrong input)
	The bouncer menacingly looks at you for a minute and slaps you on your left 
cheek this time sending such a shock of pain you black out. 
	When you wake up, you find yourself outside in an alleyway. As you rub your 
cheeks which are puffed red from the slaps, you hear someone
	Alleato: “Hey imbecile”
	You look at him with a face of shame as you remember what happened.
	Alleato: “I'm not even going to bother commenting on your stupidity you sorry 
excuse of a detective; understand this, we have lost a chance at interrogating 
Roberto Orazio and will have to leave with uncertainty in our heads”
o	GJBIH
	(everything that follows this bullet point)

The green light is given and you strut your way in. As soon as you enter your nostrils are bombarded with 
the musky smell of sweaty fat men and the smoky aroma of Cuban cigars. The room is full of old men 
laughing and shouting; but one thing stands out to you, they are all heads of the Vittorio family. What are 
they doing here? Before you can finish thinking, Alleato talks

Alleato
“Sorry to interrupt your evening gentlemen, but I must borrow Mr. Mariano Giovanni”

A grumpy old man wearing a cheap brown suit with stains of sauce and bread on it stands up.

Roberto Orazio
“Ahhhhh, I was expecting you my friend. Word got out that you were looking for me. Come have a seat, I 
have reserved a place right next to me.” 

Alleato looks at you, trying to hide disgust

Alleato
“Go, I can't stand the odor in this room  -- it smells like horse manure. I'll be outside, come to me when 
you're finished.”

He isn't wrong, it does smell like horse manure, but not only that -- it also smells like that horse has died.
Alleato leaves and you make your way to Mariano.

Detective Mike
“I'll go straight to the point Mr. Orazio. What are rival family gang members doing here?”

The room goes silent, every eye is upon you. No one talks for a whole minute and you just sit there 
awkwardly. When suddenly, a Vittorio gang capo speaks

Vittorio capo:
“è lui stupido, siamo qui perché stiano fumando erba e prendendo in giro voi ragazzi. Stupidi Giovanni”

And then the room roars in laughter, you sit there still quiet but now more embarrassed. You thought you 
escaped being the bullied kid in school, but it seems now just like in the classroom – you're being made 
fun of t an adult age (-﹏-。).

(the above lines of the Vittorio capo are replaced with asterisks so you can’t peek: è *** s***** ***** 
*** ****** ****** ******* **** * ********* ** **** *** ******* ******* *******)

Yu do not want to risk the same mistake as before and not pay attention to something and quickly pick 
out your trusty notebook and write down whatever the man said

Choose the correct option
•	A) è lui stupido, siamo qui perché stiano complottando contro e prendendo in giro  voi ragazzi. 
Stupidi Giovanni
•	B) è lui stupido, siamo qui perché stiano fumando erba e prendendo in giro voi ragazzi. Stupidi  
Giovanni

New clues were added to your notebook
(new clues: “I heard the Vittorio Capo say at the casino,” + whatever option the player selected)

Detective Mike
*whispering to himself*
“I hope I got it right”

As you finish writing down the words, the laughter dies down. Roberto apologizes on their behalf.

Roberto Orazio
“They are just making fun of you, don’t worry! Tell me: do you have any more problems?”

You think for a bit and then decide you had enough.

Detective Mike
“Thank you, but I'm all done”

As you are saying this, you are already leaving for the door

Roberto Orazio
“Take care detective, and make sure you reach home safe!”

The words are oozing with sarcasm. As you exit you hear them burst out in laughter again. You see Alleato 
conversing with the bouncer. You approach him.

Detective Mike
“Let's go, I have all I need... Oh, I need to ask you a question”

Alleato
“Fire away”

Detective Mike
“Not here”

As you get out of the casino you figure now is ok to ask Alleato about the capo’s speech.

Detective Mike
“Translate something for me”

You show him the Italian sentence you wrote down.

•	Player’s previous choice was A (wrong option)
o	As Alleato reads the words, his eyes widen.
o	Alleato: “Those dumbasses thought you couldn’t understand Italian, so they blurted their 
conspiracy out, hah!”
o	Detective Mike: “What does it say?!”
o	Alleato: “He's stupid, we're here because we're plotting against and fooling you guys. 
stupid Giovannis”
o	You grin from one eye to the other. You are so happy, you are a genius! “JACKPOT!” you 
shout.
o	New notebook clues were added
o	(new clue: “The sentence I heard translates to ‘He's stupid, we're here because we're 
plotting against and fooling you guys. stupid Giovannis’”)
•	Player’s previous choice was B (correct option)
o	Alleato reads it thoroughly and then bursts out laughing.
o	You feel like he is laughing at you and your poor Italian spelling
o	Alleato: “Detective, you are a clown. A real clown! Everyone makes fun of you, even this 
old man…”
o	Detective Mike: “Wait, what does it say?!”
o	Alleato: “He's stupid, we're here because we're smoking weed and making fun of you 
guys. Stupid Giovanni”
o	You feel your face flush and you spend the next half an hour not making eye contact with 
Alleato. You’re too furious to talk. This is just not your day.
o	New notebook clues were added
o	(new clue: “The sentence I heard translates to ‘He's stupid, we're here because we're 
smoking weed and making fun of you guys. Stupid Giovanni’)

•	Type NOTE to check your notebook
•	Type LEAVE to go to the next scene

The bar (again lol) (these checkpoints really gotta be labelled bar 1 and bar 2, we love drinking a bit too 
much)
[18:45]
[Mafia bar]

You return to the bar in which mafia members spend their free time. You almost feel like a part of the 
family at this point – you've been to this bar 3 times today.

You and Alleato sit down at a table to think through your last move. Your last suspect is Manuele 
Bonanno, the underboss. Alleato is unable to tell you where the underboss could be, and you’re stuck 
with figuring this out on your own. The clock is ticking, and you’re running out of time.

You stand up and clear your throat.

Detective Mike
“Uh, excuse me! Would anyone here know where Manuele Bonanno can be found?”

You have to try a few more times before you are noticed by the people in the bar.

???
“No one knows where he is these days, get with the times! Always running off for shady business...”
“Probably planning to murder the boss to get his hands on the fat cash, hahaha”
“Abusing his power to boss soldiers around, I bet”
“Why would a cop even need to know?! Someone get security--”

You don’t even want to think about the consequences if you fail to uncover the traitor. You order a glass 
of something, and hope Alleato still has some money to spare. You are not drinking tap water again.

The consigliere that is still at the bar counter is whining about his pathetic life again. You hope it’s not 
contagious

Angelo Rosolino
“Me and Angie are just like Romeo and Juliet (╥﹏╥). If I marry her, I’ll be killed by the boss. There’s 
truly only one way out of this misery (ಥ⌣ಥ). But what a gigantic task that would be! Oh wait, I was the 
one who pushed the boss the idea-- (☉o☉) ahahahaa~ I need to stop drinking. (◠‿◠)”

You take out your notebook. You need to vent about that wannabe poet to someone.
New clues were added to your notebook
(New clue: “Rosolino the consigliere will not shut up about some Angie and how they are like Romeo and 
Juliet. A marriage resulting in his death... That’s quite disturbing”; “I tried asking the drunks at the bar 
about Bonanno. From what I heard, he’s power hungry and is disliked here.”)
You start putting it away, but... Maybe you have noted down something that can be used to learn of the 
underboss’s whereabouts?

•	Type NOTE to check your notebook

Hang on a second, that note you found at the start of the investigation is addressed to “banana”. Could 
that be Bonanno’s code name?

You think about the rest of the message: “WAR U 3:40 5/3”
It seems like it is telling the date and time of a meeting, and the letters must mean the meeting place.

Detective Mike
“Hey Alleato, what’s the date today?”

Alleato
“May the second. My cousin’s friend’s goldfish’s birthday. A shame I couldn’t attend...”

You feel somewhat responsible that Alleato missed the birthday party. But it wasn’t your intention to get 
kidnapped, so really the responsibility isn’t yours at all.

Wait, what were you thinking again? You look at the 3 empty glasses in front of you as you rack your 
brains for the reason you’re feeling emotional about a goldfish.

Right! The note has a date on it! And that date is... Yesterday? Today? No, wait...
•	Type in when the date of the meeting occurs (“tomorrow” or “no, this doesn’t sound right! I need 
to try again”)

Yes, and 03:40 o’clock...
•	Will you be able to get to that meeting before your dawn deadline? (“Yes” or “you must have 
forgotten how time works. You never understood that wibbly-wobbly timey-wimey stuff...”

You may still be able to track him down! But where is the meeting place?
Hey, wasn’t the message laid out in a strange format?

“WAR      U
          3:40 5/3”

If I just squish the 2 rows together...
“WAR3:40U5/3”

The letters and numbers are dancing in front of your eyes, but you swear they make sense together. 
•	What does it say?! (type in the answer. The result is “warehouse” or “hang on, don’t these 
numbers look a bit like certain letters? I'm sure they are spelling out the name of the meeting 
place”)

Detective Mike
“That’s it! Someone is meeting Bonanno at 3:40 am tomorrow night in the abandoned warehouse 6 
blocks down!”

...is what you wanted to yell, but it came out like a very disappointing murmur. You're far too tired for this.

Alleato sighed. It's like his adventures with you never end.
You still have plenty of time. You could try making sense of all your clues and talk to more people, but... 
You are feeling very full of yourself for figuring out the clue that may or may not even be correct, so you 
decide to pass out on the table for a few hours. You totally deserve this.

New clues were added to your notebook
(New clue: “The note I found at the start of the investigation was deciphered as Bonanno, Warehouse, 
third of May, 03:40am”)

•	Type NOTE to check your notebook
•	Type LEAVE to go to the warehouse

The warehouse
[03:43]
[The abandoned warehouse]

You pull up to the abandoned warehouse in a taxi. Alleato had to literally drag you into it, and now that 
you’re comfortable on the soft leather seat, you have no desire to get out of it into the cold night.

It is the time of the deal, but you still have to search every corner of the building before you can witness it. 
You hope you won’t be late. And most of all, you hope you deciphered the note correctly. 

You and Alleato carefully walk through the concrete structure with flashlights.
It wasn’t until you reached the upper floor of the building that you heard voices.
You turn off your flashlights and follow the sound.

Alleato
*whispering* 
”Hey, that voice is definitely our underboss! I can’t believe that note you deciphered was legit!”

You hide behind a wall some more, maybe if you eavesdrop a little, you’ll learn something interesting

Detective Mike
“Hang on a second... That other voice...”

You peek out from behind the wall. You can see the silhouettes of the two people.

Detective Mike
“That’s a fellow police officer! What the hell is he doing here?!”

You whisper came oud louder than you meant. The two people hurried over in your direction. Alleato 
pulled out his gun.

They rounded the corner to where you and Alleato were hiding. Simultaneously, you turned on a 
flashlight and pointed it at the underboss, and Alleato yelled.

Alleato
“We are armed! We came upon Giovanni’s orders! We don’t intend to fight!”

The four of you stood in a circle, pointing something at each other for a few hot seconds as you analyzed 
the situation.

Police officer
“G-Grisham! What the hell are you doing here? You also work for the mafia? Or did you come to bust us?”

Detective Mike
“I got involved due to circumstances outside of my control. I doubt you can say the same!”

You figure that the police officer in the least of your problems right now. The sun will rise in about 2 hours. 
You need to get this investigation finished.

Detective Mike
“I came to interview Manuele Bonanno as per Mariano Giovanni’s orders. I saw the note left on the toilet 
mirror at the mafia bar and figured this was my best bet to find him. No one around us had a clue where 
he disappeared to. I do not intend to deal with you, Lewis. I’m on a tight time limit and would appreciate 
if you didn’t make this complicated.”

Manuele Bonanno dismisses the police officer, though he doesn’t put away his weapon. This situation is 
gonna be a pain in the ass to untangle. Thankfully, you have a (literal) partner in crime to de-escalate the 
situation.

Alleato
“He’s doing some detective work to smooth out a bunch of conflicts that have been cropping up. Just 
answer his questions well enough and he’ll stop pestering you”

Manuele Bonanno
“Alright then, what did you want from me? You interrupted a deal that could’ve made us a fortune!”

With a low rank police officer? The mafia sure works in mysterious ways...

(~loop~)
•	1) Detective Mike: “Why are you the underboss of this family?”
o	Manuele Bonanno: “Everyone asks me that, eh?”
o	Detective Mike: “What do you mean by that?”
o	Manuele Bonanno: “Well you’d think that the boss’s son would be the underboss, but I 
guess I, the nephew, am just a lot more suited for the position! The man’s still sour that 
he’s just a mere soldier~”
o	Wow - this man’s ego is so big, it fills up teh entire warehouse
•	2) Detective Mike: “I didn’t know the Giovanni family worked with the police”
o	Manuele Bonanno: “Well you’re one of em, aren’t ya? I don’t see why you would be so 
surprised”
o	Detective Mike: “I didn’t get involved out of my own will. I was kidnapped and threatened 
into cooperation. I never would have guessed my co-workers were this corrupt, and yet I 
got fired just because I drank on the job a few times?!”
o	Manuele Bonanno: “The whole point is that the chiefs and other police officers don’t 
know you work with is! But this line of work is quite new to us. Our family focuses more 
on casinos and taxis and the like”
o	Detective Mike: “So why did you decide to start working with us?”
o	Manuele Bonanno: “I don’t know why Mariano wanted to work with you specifically, but I 
am planning to chang or business a little if something happens to our boss. As the 
underboss, it’s my responsibility to secure a bright future for our mafia family, you see? 
And I'm having my doubts about Orazio and his casino...”
o	That makes sense
•	3) Detective Mike: “As the underboss, I presume you know something about Figlio Inco? That 
man has been worrying me”
o	Manuele Bonanno: “Oh, the boss’s son? Yeah, he can be a handful, but is totally harmless. 
And why did you shorten his nickname? It sounds less silly that way~”
o	Detective Mike: “Hang on, did you just say he’s Giovanni’s son?! And what do you mean 
shortening the nickname?”
o	Manuele Bonanno: “Well, he’s really caleld Alberto Giovanni, but we all know him as 
Figlio Incompetente. You know, the incompetent son.”
o	How did you never even stop to think, “what kinda last name is Inco”? On yeah, cuz you 
don’t speak a lick of Italian
o	Detective Mike: “So you don’t think he’s a threat to anyone then? He attacked me and 
tehn attempted to follow me on my investigation”
o	Manuele Bonanno: “The key word her is ‘attempted’. The guy never gets anywhere with 
his silly circus tricks”
o	You are not convinced

Manuele Bonanno
“If we’re done here, I havemore important things to do. I cannot waste any time since teh future of our 
family rests on my shoulders”

Alleato
“Yeah I’m pretty sure he’s just gonna go drink at the bar...”

New clues were added to your notebook
(New clues: “Manuele Bonanno was meeting with one of the police officers”; 
“Figlio Inco is the son of Mariano Giovanni”; 
”Figlio Inco’s real name is Alberto Giovanni”; 
“Figlio Inco is short for Figlio Incompetente – incompetent son”; 
“Bonanno is the nephew of the boss”; 
“Bonanno plans to change the family’s business when he becomes the boss”; 
“Bonanno is suspicious about Orazio”; 
“Bonanno thinks Figlio is not a threat”)

•	Type NOTE to check your notebook
•	Type LEAVE to leave the scene

Boss’s office
[05:06]
[Mafia base]

Alleato leads you back to the boss’s office in the mafia base. You knock on the door. You hear an 
impatient “come in!”. You open the door and walk in. Mariano Giovanni is sitting at a solid dark-coloured 
desk. 

Mariano Giovanni
“You came to tell me the good news, I expect?”

Detective Mike
“Yes, uh... Sir?”

The boss laughed with a sound that resonated throughout the whole room. Maybe the formality wasn’t 
necessary, but you’d like to keep your head connected to your body if possible.

Mariano Giovanni
“Well then, who is the traitor?”

Giovanni is tapping his fingers impatiently on the desk

Hmm... Who did you find has a motive that requires this mafia family to be taken down?
It’s hard to say right off the bat!

The underboss Manuele Bonanno wants to become the boss of the family.
The consigliere Angelo Rosolino is romantically involved with the underboss of an ally mafia family.
The soldier Alberto Giovanni wants to become the underboss of the family.
The associate Roberto Orazio wants to work with a rival mafia family.

Your thoughts are interrupted by the boss.

Mariano Giovanni
“Are you ready to give me an answer yet? It’s the beginning of sunrise and you will pay with your 
daughter’s life if you don’t complete your task, hahaha!”
(loop)
•	Type NOTE to check your notebook
•	Detective Mike: “I want to clarify something first” 
o	“Can you tell me about Manuele Bonanno?”
	Mariano Giovanni: “Ah, the underboss! He does his job extremely well. I never 
made as much money when I had other underbosses”
	Detective Mike: “I’m not surprised, he’s trying to make deals with everyone in 
Brooklyn! He even got the police on his side”
	Mariano Giovanni: “Well that’s the first time I hear of that! He must report all his 
operations to me, and yet he never told me he was expanding our business...”
o	“What do you know about Angelo Rosolino?”
	Mariano Giovanni: “What an excellent consigliere he is... When he became 
determined to make an alliance between the Giovanni and the Lombardo family 
happen, I was skeptical about its benefits. But it allowed us to gain more 
resources to defend against the Vittorio family’s aggressive attacks”
	Detective Mike: “Has he been doing his job well recently?”
	Mariano Giovanni: “I have no big complaints. Though his eagerness for alliance 
does not sit well with me – our family must be able to do business and protect its 
territory independently. He goes on far too many meetings with the Lombardo 
family”
o	“About Alberto Giovanni-”
	Mariano Giovanni: “Ah, you found Figlio’s real name! To be honest, everyone 
calls him Figlio Incompetente so I completely forgot he even has a real name, 
haha”
	Detective Mike: “He is your son, correct? Why is he not the underboss?”
	Mariano Giovanni: “He is incapable of doing the jobs expected of the underboss, 
and will not be a good successor to me. Being a soldier suits him better”
	Detective Mike: “He seems to be on bad terms with Bonanno”
	Detective Mike: “He’s jealous of course, even furious! Bonnano took up the place 
Alberto was supposed to occupy. That’s quite the tragedy...”
o	“Roberto Orazio confuses me”
	Mariano Giovanni: “Yes, this associate is a sly man – what else would you expect 
from a casino owner?! But that works in his favor in his business, so he is a 
valuable associate for us”
	Detective Mike: “I saw Vittorio family members in the associate’s casino”
	Mariano Giovanni: “It doesn't bother me who frequents that casino. No matter 
who it is, they spend money on drinks and games, and we inevitably profit from 
them. Though since the Vittorio family has more power in New York City, I may 
need to have a little chat with Roberto~~”
•	Detective Mike: “Yes, I am ready to give my answer” (breaks loop)
o	Detective Mike: “The traitor is...”
	1) Manuele Bonanno
	2) Angelo Rosolino
	3) Alberto Giovanni
	4) Roberto Orazio

Mariano Giovanni
“Well then, I shall execute this man. Listen here, you rat! You better not be playing games with me. If the 
business deal gets exposed, your life will turn very sour! Now you will get your ass out of this building, 
and not rat us out to your police buddies. I hope we never meet again.”

(correct traitor = Angelo Rosolino)

•	Type LEAVE to exit the mafia base

End sequence
[May 5th]
[Your apartment]

It has been 2 days since your Giovanni family detective work. Can't really say life has returned to normal 
yet, but at least you got enough sleep last night, ate 3 meals, and have seen the outside.
Oh, and of course, you won custody over your daughter. Things are starting to look up – perhaps you 
should start searching for a new job soon.

You sit down on the sofa in front of the TV with Libby; your favourite film is coming on after the news. 
You’ve got snacks ready, and have the next bedtime story you want to read her in mind. You switch off 
the lights and get buried in blankets and pillows.

Today is the day the big mafia deal was supposed to happen. If you’ve accused the wrong person of being 
the traitor, the deal will be exposed, and you will be punished.
You turn on the TV. The news presenter is summarizing the news of the day.

•	(You were wrong about the traitor)
o	Your blood runs cold. Your conclusion was wrong. You hear a knock on your apartment 
door. 
o	“When”                                        (Press “ENTER”)
o	“They come”                               (Press “ENTER”)
o	“They come”                               (Press “ENTER”)
o	“At what you love”                      (Press “ENTER”)
o	(GAME OVER screen)
•	(You were correct about the traitor)
o	Looks like nothing of note has happened today. You zone out for the rest of the news 
program, feeling relieved. 
o	You take a deep breath and open your first bag of snacks. Your favourite film is starting.
o	(Game won screen)


